DVCLive get step (#2765)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/get_step.md

# dvclive.get_step()

Returns the current `step` value.

```py
def get_step()
```

#### Usage:

```py
import dvclive

while dvclive.get_step() < 3:
    dvclive.log("metric", 0.9)
    dvclive.next_step()
```

## Description

> DVCLive uses an internal property called `step` that it's associated to each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DVCLive uses an internal property called `step` that's associated to each
```

Small grammar suggestion.

However, maybe there's a better way to put this:

```
DVCLive uses the `step` to track the progress of each metric logged with [`dvclive.log()`].
```

> metric logged with [`dvclive.log()`].

Author: Copy that

> metric logged with [`dvclive.log()`].

Author: Prioritized back to address in this sprint https://github.com/iterative/dvclive/issues/114

> metric logged with [`dvclive.log()`].

Reviewer 2: 🙏
